# Project1-Singular

    This file was created to show the work I attempted throughout the course of the project "Nice Bass!". At the start, I was told by the other group members that we were not going to use any design at all (just a white background), but I discovered later that plans changed to a simplistic green/gray color scheme (I would have done things differently). I repeatedly ditched what I had done with page styling to accomadate my more skilled teammates. However, the end result (not my work) looked too simple to me and could have been much more advanced-looking, had I been given the chance to actually do what I was assigned from the onset. 

    I am unaware as to why the group constantly erased my efforts, but I have included a copy of my css code up to the day of presentation, as well as slack convo with team leader Alex showing how they were in charge of backend, but kept jumping into css and going with his styling over whatever I had done. I have pictures attatched of possible background and heading photos I wanted to try out. I was thinking about the user trying to see the screen out on a boat in the sun and maybe needing the app to have a dark background with eye catching text and colors. I did not think to take a screnshot of my original/early design. I have my code, the pics I would have used for styling, the slack convo, the screenshots of the team members having me delete my branch in the repo, as well as the finished result of manipulating the jubotron and maps to all fit and not overlap other elements. I have also included a screenshot of my working with the presentation script to add pause breaks and other pacing elements for the group, just to be told by team leader that he doesn't go by a script, despite the presentation being timed. Yet another instance where I have put forth effort that got ignored. 

    I was aware from the start that my skill level was not as high as the other group members, which is why the work was supposedly divided with me on CSS/Front-end/UI and Alex and Curtis on Back-end. I have no idea why if the back-end was so stressful, they had time to step into my dept as well. The angering part about this process is that the team kept leading me on in thinking my work would be used, then it was'nt, so much so that the app presented had ZERO code from me. I could have done my own project, worked with a different group, or used that time to catch up with the skill level of the rest of the class.
